Ruby -v ruby 2.3.0

Rails -v Rails 4.2.4

第１次 動画サービス

socialログインのAPIキーを別途記述する必要あり

名前候補

MAGICK マジックエッグ MGICK MAGIK TREE CODE TREE MAGICTRE(マジクトレ) プログラミングメディア（クローラーの練習） オープンチャット機能/ slackみたいな チーム開発ができる progateやcodeacademyのようにコードがインタラクティブにViewに反映するようにしたい 初心者達が集まってみんなで励ましあいながら、たまに凄腕の方が助けてくれるみたいなゆるくて居心地が良くて楽しくプログラミングを覚えられるようなサービスになったら良いな.…

実装順序
1.media機能
2.カレンダーに日記をつけることができる機能
sshミスる

sendgridの使い方

For those who don't have paid Mandrill account, this section is for you as you now can use Sendgrid instead for free (first 12K emails/month).
Step 1: Go to Sendgrid to register a new account for free plan (12K emails/month). You can use the random info for address, company, website.
Step 2: Check your email and click on the confirm link that Sendgrid sent to complete the process.
Step 3: Install gem Sendgrid. Open Gemfile and add new gem (you can remove gem Mandrill if you want)
1
gem 'sendgrid-ruby'
Step 4A: Open config\environments\development.rb, replace your STMP settings as below:


config.action_mailer.smtp_settings = {
    address: 'smtp.sendgrid.net',
    port: 587,
    enable_starttls_auto: true,
    user_name: 'YOUR_SENDGRID_USERNAME',
    password: 'YOUR_SENDGRID_PASSWORD',
    authentication: 'plain'
}
Step 4B: Open config\initializers\devise.rb, update config.mailer_sender as below:
1
config.mailer_sender = 'YOUR_NAME <your_email@abc.com>'
Step 5: Open Terminal and install new gem
1
$bundle install
Step 6: Restart the server
1
$rails s
Step 7: Create template for our transactional email with Sendgrid. Go to https://sendgrid.com/templates
Step 8: Click "Create Template" button > Enter the name of template > Click "Save" button > Click "Actions" button and select Add Version option.
Step 9: Design the template as you want. Don't forget enter the Template name before click "Save" button.
Step 10: Go back to this page: https://app.sendgrid.com/settings/api_keys and create General API Key. For now, we can select full access for all options. Click Save button and copy the API key. NOTE: The key is only displayed one time, so please copy and save it somewhere.
Step 11: Open your Terminal, run:
1
$rails g mailer MyMailer
Step 12: Open app/mailer/my_mailer.rb and UPDATE as below



class MyMailer < ActionMailer::Base

  def sendgrid_client
    @sendgrid_client ||= SendGrid::API.new(api_key: "Your General API KEY")
  end

  def new_user(user)
    template_id = "template_id_of_new_user"

    data = {
      "personalizations": [
        {
          "to": [
            {
              "email": user.email
            }
          ],
          "substitutions": {
            "-name-": "USER_NAME",
            "-content-": user.name
          },
          "subject": "Welcome to Code4Pro"
        }
      ],
      "from": {
        "email": "code4startup@gmail.com"
      },
      "template_id": template_id
    }

    sendgrid_client.client.mail._("send").post(request_body: data)
  end
end
Step 13: Open the User model and a callback function to send email after create new user:


class User < ActiveRecord::Base
  ## ...
  after_create :send_notification

  def send_notification
    MyMailer.new_user(self).deliver
  end
end

*現在のMAGICTの目標地点

プログラム初心者, 中級者  -> rubyを動画で学んでもらう
エンジニアのチーム開発    -> エンジニアコミュニティーとしてのプラットフォーム(何か作りたいので一緒に組みましょう, そのプロジェクトの仲間に入れてください!github連携)
エンジニアと企業の橋渡し役 -> 就職、転職のプラットフォーム（企業側がユーザーのエンジニアレベルを可視化できるページを作成, ポートフォリオ、チーム開発経験）
すごい人がコーディングしている様子をただ眺めることができる機能
メディア -> アルゴリズムクイズ、ruby, rails、周辺技術のメディア
アルゴリズムクイズでは問題を解くだけではなく、どういった時に使えるかなど事例を交えつつ日常の観点から馴染みやすくなるように触れていく

* スマホのビューと切り分ける
* 動画はスマホの場合３分以内のもの特化で表示させる
